Useless trash, Qín Fēng
You dare provoke me
I’ll still beat you
Beat you till your teeth litter the floor
Beat him hard for me
Stop
cotinue from here
Ruò Yǔ
You’re finally here
I’ve been waiting for you so long
Fù Jiā Háo
Let him go now
Or else
I won’t let you off
Oh
Still feeling protective at this point?
Tell me
What’s so good about following him?
He’s
Nothing but
A useless nobody with no inheritance rights
You’d be better off with me
I guarantee you
A life of luxury
Follow you
To keep being used by you?
That’s still better than following Qín Fēng
This useless trash
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Back then, you followed him
Wasn’t it because he had money?
And you were willing to be his mistress?
What a pity
You chose the wrong person
Now
He’s a broke nobody
With nothing to his name
You want me to follow you?
Dream on